created README.md file and edited in markdown (#30)
techrityorg/Mentorship: TMP2022/technical-writing-track/precious-tw-funke/README.md

# Kuda Bank User Guide For Android Users

> Nigeria's first mobile-only bank, [Kuda Bank](https://kuda.com/), was granted a license by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in 2019. Consequently, Kuda is only available online and has no physical locations. Babs Ogundeyi and Musty Mustapha formed Kuda Bank. This guide illustrates getting started with the Kuda bank app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nigeria's first mobile-only bank, [Kuda Bank](https://kuda.com/), was granted a license by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in 2019. Consequently, Kuda is only available online and has no physical locations. Babs Ogundeyi and Musty Mustapha formed Kuda Bank. This guide illustrates how to get started with the Kuda Bank App.
```

Author: Corrected Ma'am.

> Nigeria's first mobile-only bank, [Kuda Bank](https://kuda.com/), was granted a license by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in 2019. Consequently, Kuda is only available online and has no physical locations. Babs Ogundeyi and Musty Mustapha formed Kuda Bank. This guide illustrates getting started with the Kuda bank app.

Reviewer 2: Babs Ogundeyi and Musty Mustapha founded Kuda Bank.

Author: Corrected.

> We'll go over creating a Kuda account and using the app's fundamental features. Download your app on the [Google Playstore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kudabank.app&hl=en&gl=US) store for android devices and Let's get started.

Reviewer: Create a table of content to link inner pages or link the pages in the introduction. For e.g, [Creating a Kuda Account](#create-account)

Author: I've added a table of content

# CREATE ACCOUNT

You have control over your finances, spending, and savings when you have a Kuda account. You may accomplish all of this with the assistance of Kuda, commonly known as the bank of the free, with almost no charges. Let's look at creating a Kuda account.

> ## Open An Account.

Reviewer: Break these down into steps and add images for each step

Author: Did an update with this in mind.

Now you're logged into your kuda account. The next step in setting up your kuda account is setting a passcode. A **Passcode** is a 6-digit code only used to sign in to the kuda app on your mobile device.

When all of this is done you'd have to wait a bit for your account to be created (your account status shows pending till your account has been created).

## Verify Identity

Kuda asks you to perform two actions to verify your identity

- Input your valid Bank Verification Number (BVN).
- Record a short video.

Kuda requests for your BVN so they can be sure no one is pretending to be you.
When you confirm your BVN, Kuda matches your details with the information on the national BVN database owned by the Central Bank of Nigeria. Other of your account(s) will not be accessed with your BVN.
Secondly, Kuda uses Artificial intelligence to record your face.

## Secure Your Account

Kuda will request that you create a transaction pin. Your transaction pin is a 4-digit pin that allows you perform monetary transactions across kuda.

> _N/B: your transaction pin and your passcode are not the same thing. The former is for performing transactions while the latter is for accessing your kuda dashboard._

Reviewer 2: Can be a blockqoute to draw emphasis, check how to use blockquote in markdown

Author: Thanks, I've used blockquotes.

## More About You

This section focuses on how you intend to use kuda. You could, for example, use kuda for everyday transactions such as savings, debit card, and so on. It also asks questions such as how much you earn and what type of work you do in order to provide you with a wholesome experience when using Kuda Bank.

When the more about survey is completed, you can access your dashboard and start transacting.

> # EXISTING USERS

Reviewer: Check to use the proper heading here. Is this supposed to be a heading One or Two?

Author: Restructured the file and made it a h3.

## CARDS

Managing cards is also made easier as you can order your card right in the app. You can have ownership to a virtual or physical card on kuda.

![kuda-card](https://adamfayed.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/3-16.jpg)

- Physical Kuda Visa Card
  A free debit card is delivered to you anywhere in Nigeria with a one-time card issuing fee of 1,000 naira. If your account has been upgraded with BVN and a valid ID you wont have to pay the card issuing fee. You have access to free withdrawals with your kuda card in over 3,000 automated teller machines.

![](https://cdn.hashnode.com/res/hashnode/image/upload/v1663974813718/5rIbFNVBv.png)

- Virtual Kuda Visa Card
  Kuda provides you with a Virtual Naira Visa card which allows you make payments online on anywhere naira visa cards are accepted.

One of the perks of using the kuda card is the control you have. Say, for example, your physical card gets stolen you can easily [block your card](https://help.kuda.com/en/articles/3365550-block-your-kuda-card) on the app.

# GETTING HELP

If ever you need help you can send an email to Kuda [here](help@kuda.com) or call 01 633 5832 between 8:00 am and 5:00 pm on weekdays.

> [def]: ./pictures/1.png

Reviewer: What does this link to?

Author: got rid of it
